I am so proud to be an American! Thank you so much for being here tonight!

Do you love your freedom?!

If you love your freedom, think of that.

Any of you here serving in uniform, past or present, raise your hand. We're going to thank you for our freedom. God bless you guys! We salute you! We honor you. Thank you.

I am so proud to be American. Thank you. Gosh, thank you.

Happy birthday, Ronald Reagan!

Well, a special hello to the C-SPAN viewers. You may not be welcome in those health care negotiations, but you have an invitation to the Tea Party.

Very good to be here in Tennessee, the Volunteer State. It's the home of good country music and good southern barbecue and -- great to be at the Tea Party convention. I guess down here that's some Southern Sweet Tea. And you know up in Alaska, we have a smaller version of Tea Party up there. We call it "iced tea." And I am a big supporter of this movement. I believe in this movement. Got lots of friends and family in the lower 48 who attend these events and across the country just knowing that this is the movement and America is ready for another revolution -- and you are a part of this.

I look forward to attending more Tea Party events in the near future. It is just so inspiring to see real people -- not politicos, not inside-the-Beltway professionals -- come out and stand up and speak out for common-sense conservative principles.

And today, I want to start off with a special shout-out to American's newest Senator, thanks to you, Scott Brown. Now in many ways Scott Brown represents what this beautiful movement is all about. You know, he was just a guy with a truck and a passion to serve our country. He looked around and he saw that things weren't quite right in Washington. So, he stood up and he decided that he was going to do his part to put our government back on the side of the people. And it took guts. And it took a lot of hard work. But with grassroots support, Scott Brown carried the day.

And it has been so interesting now to watch the aftermath of the Massachusetts Chowder Revolution. The White House blames the candidate -- their candidate. And Nancy Pelosi, she blamed the Senate Democrats. And Rahm Emanuel, he criticized a pollster. And yet again, President Obama found some way to make this all about George Bush. You know, considering the recent conservative election sweep, it’s time that they stop blaming everyone else. When you’re 0-for-3, you’d better stop lecturing and start listening.

The only place that the Left hasn’t placed the blame is on their agenda. So, some advice for our friends on that side of the aisle: That’s where you got to look because that’s what got you into this mess -- the Obama-Pelosi-Reid agenda. It’s going to leave us less secure, more in debt, and more under the thumb of big government. And that is out of touch, and it’s out of date. And if Scott Brown is any indication, it’s running out of time.

Because from Virginia to New Jersey to Massachusetts, voters are sending a message up and down the East Coast and in good places like Nevada and Connecticut and Colorado, Michigan, North Dakota, they've got the Liberal Left -- that establishment -- running scared. The bottom line is this: It’s been a year now. They own this now and voters are going to hold them accountable. Because out here in the cities and in the towns across this great country, we know that we’ve got some big problems to solve. We’ve gotten tired now of -- of looking backward. We want to look forward. And from here, my friends, the -- the future -- it looks really good. It looks really good because if there’s hope in Massachusetts, there’s hope everywhere.

Brown’s victory -- it’s exciting, and it’s a sign of more good things to come. A lot of great common sense conservative candidates, they’re going to put it all on the line in 2010. This year, there are going to be some tough primaries. And I think that’s good. Competition in these primaries is good. Competition makes us work harder and be more efficient and produce more. And I hope you’ll get out there and work hard for the candidates who reflect your values, your priorities -- because despite what the pundits want you to think, contested primaries aren’t civil war. They’re democracy at work, and that’s beautiful.

I was the product of a competitive primary where, running for governor, I faced five guys in the party, and we put our ideas and our experience out there on the table for a debate, and then we allowed, of course, the voters to decide. And that is a healthy process, and it gives Americans the kind of leadership that they want and deserve. And so in 2010, I tip my hat to anyone with the courage to throw theirs in the ring, and may the best ideas and candidates win.

But while I hope that you’re going to give these candidates that you choose your best effort, please understand that they’re human. There’s no perfect candidate, and they’re going to disappoint occasionally. And when they do, let them know, but don’t get discouraged and sit it out, because the stakes are too high. The stakes are too high right now, and your voice is too important. So work hard for these candidates, but put your faith in ideas.

And in that spirit, I caution against allowing this movement to be defined by any one leader or politician. The Tea Party movement is not a top-down operation. It’s a ground-up call to action that is forcing both parties to change the way that they're doing business, and that’s beautiful. This is about the people. This is about the people, and it’s bigger than any king or queen of a Tea Party. And it’s a lot bigger than any charismatic guy with a teleprompter.

The soul of this movement is the people -- everyday Americans who grow our food and run our small businesses, teach our kids, and fight our wars. They’re folks in small towns and cities across this great nation who saw what was happening -- and they saw and were concerned, and they got involved. Like you, they go to town hall meetings, and they write op-eds. They run for local office. You all have the courage to stand up and speak out. You have a vision for the future, one that values conservative principles and common sense solutions. And if that sounds like you, then you probably too are feeling a bit discouraged by what you see in Washington D.C.

Now in recent weeks, many of us have grown even more uneasy about our Administration’s approach to national security, the most important role ascribed to our federal government. Let me say, too, it’s not politicizing our security to discuss our concerns, because Americans deserve to know the truth about the threats that we face and what the Administration is or isn’t doing about them. So let’s talk about them.

New terms used like “overseas contingency operation” instead of the word “war.” That reflects a worldview that is out of touch with the enemy that we face. We can’t spin our way out of this threat. It’s one thing to call a pay raise a job created or saved. It’s quite another to call the devastation that a homicide bomber can inflict a “manmade disaster.” And I just say, come on, Washington. If nowhere else, national security -- that’s one place where you got to call it like it is.

And in that we spirit -- in that spirit we should acknowledge that on Christmas Day, the system did not work. Abdul Mutallab passed through airport security with a bomb, and he boarded a flight hell-bent on killing innocent passengers. This terrorist trained in Yemen with Al Qaida, his American visa was not revoked until after he tried to kill hundreds of passengers. On Christmas Day, the only thing that stopped this terrorist was blind luck and brave passengers. Really, it was a Christmas miracle, and that is not the way that the system is supposed to work.

What followed was equally disturbing. After he was captured, he was questioned for only 50 minutes. We had a choice in how to do this. The choice was, only question him for 50 minutes and then read his Miranda Rights. The Administration says then, there are no downsides or upsides to treating terrorists like civilian criminal defendants.1

But a lot of us would beg to differ. For example, there are questions we would have liked this foreign terrorist to answer before he lawyered up and invoked our U.S. Constitutional right to remain silent. Our U.S. Constitutional rights. Our rights that you, sir [to male veteran in audience] fought and were willing to die for to protect in our Constitution. The rights that my son, as an infantryman in the United States Army is willing to die for. The protections provided  -- thanks to you, sir -- we’re going to bestow them on a terrorist who hates our Constitution and tries to destroy our Constitution and our country? This makes no sense because we have a choice in how we’re going to deal with the terrorists. We don’t have to go down that road.

There are questions that we would have like answered before he lawyered up like: “Where exactly were you trained and by whom? You -- You’re bragging about all these other terrorists just like you. Who are they? When and where will they try to strike next? The events surrounding the Christmas Day plot reflect the kind of thinking that led to September 11th. That...the...threat then, as the USS Cole was attacked, our Embassies were attacked, it was treated like an international crime spree, not like an act of war. We’re seeing that mindset again settle into Washington. That scares me for my children and for your children. Treating this like a mere law enforcement matter places our country at grave risk. Because that’s not how radical Islamic extremists are looking at this. They know we’re at war. And to win that war, we need a Commander-in-Chief, not a professor of law standing at the lectern.

It’s that same kind of misguided thinking that is seen throughout the Administration’s foreign policy decisions. Our President spent a year reaching out to hostile regimes, writing personal letters to dangerous dictators, and apologizing for America. And what do we have to show for that? Here’s what we have to show. North Korea tested nuclear weapons and longer range ballistic missiles. Israel, a friend and a critical ally, now question[s] the strength of our supports. Plans for a missile defense system in Europe? They’ve been scrapped. Relations with China and Russia are no better. And relations with Japan -- that key Asian ally -- they’re in the worse shape in years.

And around the world, people who are seeking freedom from oppressive regimes, wonder if Alaska2 is still that beacon of hope for their cause. The Administration cut support for democracy programs, and where the President has not been clear, I ask, where is his clear and where is his strong voice of support for the Iranians who are risking all in their opposition to Ahmadinejad?

Just that short list -- that short list. And you know, it’s no wonder that our President only spent about nine percent of his State of the Union Address discussing national security and foreign policy, because there aren’t a whole lot of victories that he could talk about that night. And that’s just a short list.

There are so many challenges in front of us, and it can seem overwhelming. But despite these challenges, we have hope that we can move things in the right direction. But it’s going to require the Administration to change course. We need a foreign policy that distinguishes America’s friends from her enemies and recognizes the true nature of the threats that we face.

We need a strong national defense. I think you would agree with me, as -- as Reagan used to talk about that "peace through strength." And in that respect, I applaud the President for following at least a part of the recommendations made by our commanders on the ground to send in some more reinforcements to Afghanistan. Now, though he, we must spend less time courting our adversaries, spending more -- more time working with our allies. And we must build effective coalitions capable of confronting dangerous regimes like Iran and North Korea. It’s time for more than just tough talk. Just like you -- probably just so tired of hearing the talk, talk, talk. Tired of hearing the talk.

It’s time for some tough actions, like sanctions on Iran. And in places in the world where people are struggling and oppressed and they’re fighting for freedom, America must stand with them. We need a clear foreign policy that stands with the people and for democracy -- one that reflects both our values and our interests, and it is in our best interests, because democracies -- they don’t go to war with each other. They can settle their differences peacefully.

The lesson of the last year is this: Foreign policy can’t be managed through the politics of personality. And our President would do well to take note of an observation John F. Kennedy had made once he was in office: that all the world’s problems aren't his predecessor’s fault. The problems that we face in the real world require real solutions. And we'd better get to it, because the risks that they pose are great and they’re grave. However, as Barry Goldwater said: "We can be conquered by bombs...but we can also be conquered by neglect by ignoring our constitution and disregarding the principles of limited government."

And in the past year, his words rang true. Washington has now replaced private irresponsibility with public irresponsibility. The list of companies and industries that the government is crowding out and bailing out and taking over, it continues to grow. First it was the banks, mortgage companies, financial institutions, then automakers. Soon, if they had their way, health care, student loans.

Today, in the words of Congressman Paul Ryan, The 700 billion dollar "TARP has morphed into crony capitalism at its worse." And it's becoming a "slush fund" for the Treasury Department's favorite big players, just as we had been warned about.3 And while people on Main Street look for jobs, people on Wall Street -- they're collecting billions and billions in your bailout bonuses. Among the top 17 companies that received your bailout money, 92 percent of the senior officers and directors -- they still have their good jobs.

And everyday Americans are wondering: Where are the consequences? They helped to get us into this worst economic situation since the Great Depression. Where are the consequences?

When Washington passed a 787 billion dollar "stimulus bill," we were nervous because they just spent 700 billion dollars to bailout Wall Street. And on the state level, as a governor, we knew that a lot of that money came with fat strings attached. The federal government was going to have more control over our states. They were going to disrespect the 10th Amendment of our Constitution by essentially bribing us with, "Take this federal money" (and then we're going to be able to mandate a few more things on you though.)

I joined with other conservative governors around the nation in rejecting some of those dollars. Legislators -- Turned out to be, though, nothing for applause because -- nothing to applaud because -- legislators then were threatening lawsuits if governors didn't take the money. And I vetoed some of the funds that -- I knew we couldn't maintain the programs, that we were going to pay for it with these -- these borrowed, printed up, invented dollars out of nowhere. But lawsuits were threat -- even in Alaska, in a Republican controlled legislature, my veto was overridden and the money poured into those states. And I believe we will see this play out in our states: The federal government will have taken more control over the people who live in our states.

Now I understand wanting to believe that this is all free money. And for some I guess it's tough to tell people no in tough times. Plus, remember our Administration promised that it would be good stewards of tax payer dollars. Remember? Remember Vice President Biden. He was put in charge of a tough, unprecedented oversight effort. That's how it was introduced. You know why? Because nobody messes with Joe.

Now, this was all part of that hope and change and transparency. And now a year later I've got to ask those supporters of all that: How's that hopey-changey stuff working out for you? See, I tried to look into that transparency thing, but Joe's meetings with the transparency and accountability board -- it was closed to the public. Yeah, they held the transparency meeting behind closed doors. So, not sure if anybody's messing with Joe, but here is what I do know: A lot of that stimulus cash -- it ended up in some pretty odd places, including districts that didn't even exist; and programs that really don't have a whole lot to do with stimulating the economy.

Nearly six million dollars was given to a democrat pollster who had already made millions during the Democrats' presidential primary. Nearly 10 million was spent to update the stimulus web site. And one state even spent a million bucks to put up signs that advertised that they were spending the federal stimulus projects. Or as someone put it: This was a million dollar effort using your money to tell you it's spending your money. And it didn't create a single job.

These uses of stimulus funds don't sound targeted and they don't sound timely, as we were promised. They just sound wasteful. And in the case of those signs, kind of ridiculous. All of that -- I don't know about you, but seeing -- seeing those checks written for some of these pet projects of congressmen and those in the White House -- did you feel very stimulated?

And then it turns out that Washington got the price tag wrong. All of these projects and programs, they cost tens and tens of billions of dollars more than we were told. It's now closer to 860 billion dollars. Add this to the fact that the White House can't even tell us how many jobs were actually created. Depending on who you ask, it's anywhere from thousands to two million.

But one number we are sure of is the unemployment number. And that's at 9.7, which is well above the 8 percent mark that we were promised our stimulus package would go to avoid. And unemployment now is -- underemployment now is 16.5 percent. You've got all these people who have just kind of given up right now, and they're not even enrolling in some of these programs. Tough to count them.

Folks, I won't go into all of it tonight, but the list of broken promises is long. Candidate Obama pledged to end closed-door, sweetheart deals and no-bid contracts once and for all, But just last month his Administration awarded a 25 million dollar no-bid contract to a Democrat donor. Is that hope? Nope. It's not hope.

That's the same old, same old in Washington, D.C. And instead of changing the way Washington does business, we got the "Cornhusker Kickback" and the "Louisiana Purchase" and millions of tax breaks for union bosses' desires. The promised ban on lobbyists in this new Administration, he handed out waivers left and right, and there are more than 40 former lobbyists who now work at the top levels in this Administration. And these days most members of Congress, they don't get to read the bill before they have to vote on it, much less the pledge that a bill wouldn't be signed into law until we all had five days to review it online.

So see, it's easy to understand why Americans are shaking their heads when Washington has broken trust with the people that these politicians are to be serving. We're drowning in national debt and many of us have had enough.

Now the foundational principles in all of this, it's easy to understand. It really is -- even I though I think D.C. would just love for us to believe that this is all way over our heads. Somebody in Tennessee, somebody up there in Alaska, she'll never understand what we're talking about here in D.C. No, this is all pretty simple stuff. When our families, when our small businesses, we start running our finances into the red, what do we do? We tighten our belts and we cut back budgets. Isn't that what we teach our children -- to live within our means? It's what Todd and I do when we have to make payroll, buy new equipment for our commercial fishing business. We have to plan for the future, meet a budget.

But in Washington, why is it just the opposite of that? This week, they unveiled a record-busting, mindboggling 3.8 trillion dollar federal budget. And they keep borrowing, and they keep printing these dollars, and they keep making us more and more beholden to foreign countries, and they keep making us take these steps towards insolvency. Now what they're doing in proposing these big new programs with giant price tags, they're sticking our kids with the bill. And that's immoral. That's generational theft. We're stealing the opportunities from our children.

And freedom lovers around this country need to be aware that all of this makes us more beholden to other countries. It makes us less secure. It makes us less free. And that should tick us off. So folks, with all these serious challenges ahead, we've got private-sector job creation that has got to take place and got these economic woes and -- and health care, the war on terror.

But as the saying goes, if you can't ride two horses at once, you shouldn't be in the circus. So here's some advice for those in D.C. who want to shine in the greatest show on earth. Too often when big government and big business get together and cronyism sets in, well, it benefits insiders, not everyday Americans. The Administration and Congress should do what we did up there in Alaska when the good old boys started making back room deals that were benefiting big oil and not the citizens of the state. And the citizens of the state then, Alaskans, we got together and we put government back on the side of the people. And a lot of the big wigs, they started getting in trouble and some of the big wigs ended up going to jail over their back room deals.

Our government needs to adopt a pro-market agenda that doesn't pick winners and losers, but it invites competition and it levels the playing field for everyone. Washington has got to across the board, lower taxes for small businesses so that our mom and pops can reinvest and hire people so that our businesses can thrive. They should support competition, support innovation, reward hard work.

And they should do all that they can to make sure that the game is fair without that undo corrupt influence. And then they need to get government out of the way. If they would do this -- If they would do this, our economy, it would roar back to life and for instance on health care, we need bipartisan solutions to help families, not increase taxes. Remember that red reset button that America through Secretary Clinton, she gave to Putin. Remember that? I think we should ask for that back and hand it instead to Congress. And say, no, start all over on this health care scheme and pass meaningful, market-based reforms that incorporate some simple steps that have broad support, the -- the best ideas, not back room deals but things like insurance purchases across state lines and the tort reform that we've talked about.

Those things that are common sense steps towards reform that the White House and -- and leaders on -- on the Democrats' side of -- of the aisle in Congress, they don't want to consider. So it makes you wonder, what truly is their motivation? What is their intention if they won't consider even these common sense, broad-based support ideas that would work? And to create jobs. Washington should jump start energy projects. I said it during the campaign and I'll say it now: We need an "all of the above" approach to energy policy. That means proven conventional resource development and support for nuclear power. And I was thankful that the President at least mentioned nuclear power in the State of the Union.

But, again, we need more than words. We need a plan to turn that goal into a reality and that way we can pave the way for projects that will create jobs. Those are real job creators and deliver carbon free energy. And while we're at it, let's expedite the regulatory and permitting and legal processes for on and offshore drilling. Instead of paying billions of dollars, hundreds of billions of dollars that now are being sent to foreign regimes, we should be drilling here and drilling now instead of relying on them to develop their resources for us. So what we've got to do is axe that plan for cap-and-tax, that policy that's going to kill jobs and is going to pass the burden of paying for it onto our working families.

And finally, if we're going to get serious about fiscal restraint, then we've got to make Washington start walking the walk. After putting us on a track to quadruple the deficit, the proposed spending freeze, maybe it's a start, but it's certainly not enough. As Senator John Thune said, it's like putting a Band-Aid on a self- inflicted gunshot wound.

We need to go further. Cut spending. Don't just simply slow down a spending spree. And we've got to axe the plans for a second stimulus when the first hasn't even been measured for any success yet. Kill the plans for the second stimulus and be aware that now that second stimulus is being referred to as a "jobs bill." Now these aren't the only ways to rein in spending, and alone, they're not going to be enough, not enough to tackle the insane debt and the deficits that we face. But they are a good way to start and to show that we're serious about getting our financial house in order.

Now like a lot of you, perhaps, I have spent the last year thinking about how -- how to best serve. How -- How can I help our country? How can I make sure that I, that you, that we're in a position of nobody being able to succeed? When they try to tell us to sit down and shut up, how can we best serve? In 2008, I had the honor -- really of a lifetime -- the honor of a lifetime, running alongside John McCain. I...look at him as an American hero. And nearly 60 million Americans voted for us. They cast their ballot for the things that we are talking about tonight: lower taxes, smaller government, transparency, energy independence and strong national security.

And while no, our votes did not carry the day, it was still a call to serve our country. Those voters wanted us to keep on fighting and take the gloves off. And they wanted common sense conservative solutions. And they wanted us to keep on debating. And each of us who is here today, we're living proof that you don't need an office or a title to make a difference. And you don't need a proclaimed leader, as if we're all just a bunch of sheep and we're looking for a leader to progress this movement.

That is what we're fighting for. It is what we are fighting about. It is what we believe in and that's what this movement is all about. When people are willing and to meet halfway and stand up for common sense solutions and values, then we want to work with them. And in that spirit, I applaud Independents and Democrats like Bart Stupak who stood up to tough partisan pressure and he wanted to protect the sanctity of life and the rights of the soon to be born. I applaud him for that.

When we can work together, we will. But when the work of Washington violates our -- our conscience and when the work and efforts in Washington, D.C., violate our Constitution, then we will stand up and we will be counted -- because we are the loyal opposition. And we have a vision for the future of our country, too, and it is a vision anchored in time tested-truths: that the government that governs least, governs best. And that the Constitution -- the Constitution provides the best road map towards a more perfect union. And that only a limited government can expand prosperity and opportunity for all. And that freedom is a God-given right and it is worth fighting for. God bless you. And that America's finest, our men and women in uniform, are a force for good throughout the world -- and that is nothing to apologize for.

These are enduring truths and these enduring truths have been passed down from Washington to Lincoln to Reagan and now to you. But while this movement, our roots there, in our spirit, too, they are historic. The current form of this movement is fresh and it's young and it's fragile. We are now the keepers of an honorable tradition of conservative values and good works. And we must never forget that it is a sacred trust to carry these ideas forward. It demands civility and it requires decent, constructive, issue-oriented debate. 

Opponents of this message, they're seeking to marginalize this movement. They want to paint us as ideologically extreme and the counterpoint to liberal intolerance and outrageous conspiracy theorists aimed at our own government and unethical shameless tactics like considering a candidate's children fair game. 

But unlike the elitists who denounce this movement -- they just don't want to hear the message -- I've traveled across this great country and I've talked to the patriotic men and women who make up the Tea Party movement. And they are good and kind and selfless and they are deeply concerned about our country. And today I ask only this: Let's make this movement a tribute to their good example and make it worthy of their hard work and their support. 

Do not let us have our heads turned from the important work before us and do not give others an excuse to be able to turn their eyes from this. Let us not get bogged down in the small squabbles. Let us get caught up in the big ideas.

To do so would be a fitting tribute to Ronald Reagan, especially tonight, as he would have turned 99. No longer with us, his spirit lives on and his American dream endures. He knew the best of our country is not all gathered in Washington, D.C. It is here in our communities where families live, and children learn, and children with special needs are welcomed in this world and embraced. And thank you for that. 

The best of America can be found in places where patriots are brave enough and free enough to be able to stand up and speak up; and where small businesses grow our economy one job at a time; and folks like Reagan, we know that America is still that "shining city on a hill." I do believe that God "shed his grace on thee." We know that our best days are yet to come. Tea Party nation, we know that there is nothing wrong with America that together we can't fix as Americans.

So from the bottom of my heart and speaking on behalf of millions and millions and millions of Americans who want to encourage this movement, this movement is about the people. Who can argue a movement that is about the people and for the people? Remember, all political power is inherent in the people, and government is supposed to be working for the people. That is what this movement is about. 

From the bottom of my heart, I thank you for being part of the solution. God bless you, Tea Partiers and God bless the USA.

Thank you. God bless you guys.

I am so happy to get to be with you all, and it’s pretty cool to see some of the College Republicans sitting down here where we met last time. I met some of you in the lobby, in addition to some of the great Independents and Libertarians who were out there too. They are awesome, and then last night meeting some of our proud, wonderful members of the military. I love you guys; you’re my heroes. I love you cause I love freedom, and like I always say, if you love your freedom, thank a Vet. We thank you guys.

It’s really, really good to be here today. I love coming back here because there are always so many young people, or, as you’re know by the folks across the river, ‘ObamaCare suckers [suckas]. Yep, you are the ones, right? You’re the ones who pay the bills in our brave new world. They forgot that, didn’t they, when they said that you were the change that you were waiting for. Turns out, you have the change that they’re waiting for. You have the change, you have the fives, you have the tens, and twenties.

Well, it is great to be back here, because this is the place, CPAC is known as the place, where the future conservatism always starts; whether it was Ronald Reagan back in ’75 or Dr. Ben Carson, just like last year, this is where it starts, and it’s because of you and your energy, your commitment to the greatest, the greatest country on earth, the thing that makes her exceptional. It’s because of you. So I look at you and I feel good about America.

Now, when we were here last year, there was some reeling going on because of the election. Our fellow Americans had decided, evidently, to double-down on hopey-changey, and the Sages of the Beltway and their sock puppets at MSLSD, hat tip Mark Levin — they said that we had to give up on our principles, because they said, the train of history was roaring to the left so jump onboard or get left behind; but then, something happened, that ‘hope and change’ went from a catchy campaign slogan to a reality, and along the way, ‘hope and change,’ ‘yes we can,’ it became ‘no you can’t, nooooo, you can’t log on to the website, nooooo you can’t keep your health care, nooooo you can’t make a phone call without Michelle Obama knowing this is the third time this week you’ve dialed Pizza Hut delivery.

Yes, something did happen. We became a wiser Republican a year ago. Americans know now what the giants of our movement have always told us, people like Freidman and Reagan and Margaret Thatcher — they said, there ain’t no such thing as a free lunch. There is no free birth control. There’s no free phone. There’s no free doctor visits. There’s no free Fritos, there’s no free ride. Someone pays. Someone always pays, and if you don’t know who that someone is, it’s probably you. Americans found that out this year, and hopefully those socially-engineering politicos learned something as well. Americans aren’t quite as obedient as they thought we were.

See, they set up a lot of hoops, making us pay for insurance that we don’t want, don’t need, telling us, ah, nothing to see in Benghazi, move along, move along, nor at the IRS, nothing amiss, not even a smidgen — making us bear the brunt of that dopey wobbling on the world stage, but we didn’t jump through those hoops the way that we were supposed to. It’s like, y’all went rogue! [applause] I thank you!

Speaking of y’all, Texas, thank you, thank you Texas, because liberty needs a Congress on Cruz Control.

Yes, last year something did happen; the awakening did begin and Senator Ted Cruz helped keep them awake. His filibuster, it worked in waking people up to the folly of a government take-over of one-sixth of our economy. He forced debate. He told his colleagues, it was time, time to stand-up, time to use the tools of the Constitution, the power of the purse to fulfill their campaign promises and to stop ObamaCare, but our Army balked. We hoped that they were just reloading, but instead, they retreated, and worse, worse, they joined the lap dogs in the lame stream to trash the foot soldiers who had fought for America.

Ted Cruz, he had a clever way of doing it, too. Dr. Seuss, who’d a thunk? Who’d a thunk? [audience member calls out 'read to us.'] Yeah, good idea, maybe I’ll just ad lib something, yeah, right sure. But there he was reading it on the floor of the Senate, through air waves, he was telling his kids, I’m thinking of you, thinking of all our kids. I have five kids. I have five kids so reading Green Eggs and Ham over all those years, to each one, you know, you totally have it memorized by, especially by the time Trig was born, so I had to spice it up a bit, and little Trig, lucky little fella, his bedtime story, now it goes something like this:

I do not like this Uncle Sam
I do not like his health care scam
I do not like these dirty crooks or
How they lie and cook the books.
I do not like when Congress steals
I do not like their crony deals
I do not like this spying man
I do not like ‘Oh yes we can
I do not like this spending spree,
We’re smart, we know there’s nothing free
I do not like reporter’s smug replies
When I complain about their lies
I do not like this kind of hope, and
We wont’ take it nope, nope, nope

Hat tip the internet. I saw a couple of lines on the internet on that, and I winged the other ones.

Friends, Ted Cruz and Mike Lee and Paul and Gowdy and Gosar and Gohmert, etc., we’ve got some good guys in there, good guys, they carry the Common Sense gene. They know that we are a nation with a government, not the other way around. They are constitutionalists and they were sent to D.C. to fight the battle there for us, so it’s time, it’s time we send them reinforcements.

They need reinforcements, because you see, families are hurting today, hard workers, hard-working families. They’re caught between the capitalism that benefits the politically-connected and the income redistribution that benefits the politically-favored.

But still, I feel good about America because Conservatives haven’t forgotten the American beyond the ruling classes, wealthy D.C. suburbs. I’m talking about the places where most of the people who do the working and the serving and the building and the taxpaying live. That’s where you’ll find amazing America.

We are staying true to our principles — real solutions to real problems, and you got to hear some of those solutions the last couple of days. You’re not just sitting back, just hanging, hanging with the ‘Choom Gang [see photo below], I hope your not, just letting D.C. control the people and bankrupt our country in order to fundamentally transform it.

That’s why I feel good, because you’re not just putting up with this. We do have some great pro-freedom, free market, pro-family that are clingers and wingers, aka great leaders, and they’re proposing ways to actually help the middle class and allow equal opportunity to work, and through self initiative, everyone be lifted and succeed, so I feel good.

I hear from you and I see you. I just feel that we know we’ve got each other’s backs and I feel that you know this is the stirring of the Great Awakening. I do believe that the eyes of America are open, unfortunately though, some would want you to just hit the snooze button and roll back over, like, ‘hush America, go back to sleep little lambs. Go back to sleep, close those eyes.’ Some of these folks are in the establishment, and they are a different breed of cats. They say that the smartest thing that we can do right now is just lay low, stay out-of-the-way while ObamaCare crashes and burns on its own and the economy sputters to a halt — forget all that solvency and insolvency stuff, just lay low, and as, while internationally, we so tick-off our allies and we lead a world that is looking for that shining city on a hill again, we lead them from behind? The result is some very, very, very bad dudes gain ground. This, instead of putting the fear of God in our enemies — proving peace through strength, and that is only brought to you courtesy of the red, white and blue. That’s only what the United States military can do.

But some GOP experts, they subscribe to the old saying, you know, don’t interrupt while they’re in the process of destroying themselves. Maybe true, but you do interrupt when they are in the process of destroying your country. So that’s what we’re going to do. We’re going to stop ‘em 2014. We’re going to stop them, and by the way, complacent ones who had just shined the boot that would stop on our necks, working the status agenda of Obama, this applies to you too in the 2016 presidential race. [audience chants 'run Sarah run.'] Speaking of…I should have, I didn’t get to run this morning, I was so busy man, [inaudible, something about yoga] and didn’t get to run.
It’s been just 68 days since that afternoon in Dayton, Ohio, when Senator McCain introduced me as his running mate. He is truly the maverick. He took a chance on me. I will always be grateful for that. It will be the honor of a lifetime to work him as vice president of the United States. And I pledge to govern with integrity, and goodwill, and clear conviction, and a servant’s heart.

My fellow Americans, tens of millions of you shared our convictions and gave us your votes. And I thank you for your confidence. We were facing tough odds and formidable opponents.

It’s not always easy in politics to see the best in our opponents. But we have seen the grace and skill of Barack Obama, and the grit and determination of Joe Biden. By his nomination and extraordinary campaign, Barack Obama has achieved a great thing, for himself and for our country, and for that America will always honor him. I say God bless you, Senator Obama, and your beautiful family.

As for my own family, well, it’s been quite a journey these past 69 days. We were ready, in defeat, to return to a place and a life we love. And I said to my husband Todd that it’s not a step down when he’s no longer Alaska’s “First Dude.” He will now be the first guy ever to become the “Second Dude.”

Along the way in this campaign, it was Todd, as always, who helped with the children, gave me advice, and kept me strong. There are a lot of men in this world could learn a few things from Todd Palin, and I am so lucky that he is still my guy. And my luck began long before then, in having parents like Chuck and Sally Heath…and then blending into an accepting, loyal, fun, and diverse family.

Had it gone the other way tonight, we would not have returned in sorrow to the great State of Alaska. We would have carried with us memories that are forever, and joyful experiences that do not depend on victory.

I will remember all the young girls who came up to me to our rallies, sometimes taking off from school, just to see only the second women ever nominated by a major party in a national election. They know that in America there should be no ceilings on achievement, glass or otherwise. And if I have helped point the way for these young women, or inspire them to use their own gifts and find their own opportunities, it has been a privilege.

I will remember all the people who said they were praying for me—you prayer warriors have been my strength and my shield. I will remember all the Blue Star Moms, and the special bond we share…all the veterans of war and former POW’s I had the honor of meeting. I will remember the working people of this country who put their faith in us…the folks who run our factories, grow our food, teach our children, and fight our wars… men and women like the construction worker and new American citizen who said at one of our rallies: “I was born in Columbia, but I was made in the USA.”

And for their example and their love, I will remember with gratitude all the families with special needs children. How could I ever forget the sight of a banner held up high to say “We Are Here For Trig”? How could I ever forget a boy like Charlie, a fine young man we met at a rally in Florida who has Down Syndrome? Charlie and I swapped email addresses, and the last time he replied he said, “By the way, please don’t call me ‘darlin’—it’s not tough enough.” So, tonight, a special shout-out to you, Chuck…darlin’. And let me repeat what I told you, because it applies to you and to all children and adults with special needs across America: You are beautiful, and I am so proud to know that my boy Trig will grow up to be just like you.

And I promise you: These next four years, families with special needs—and every family in America—can know that they have a friend and advocate in the White House.

In this campaign, we held to the belief that our country is still that “shining city on a hill” that Ronald Reagan spoke of so many years ago. And tonight, we have chosen a man ready and worthy to lead such a country.

This is a moment when principles and political independence matter a lot more than just the party line. And tonight, we have elected a man who can bring us together, because he always puts his country first. America, he has always fought for you.

This is a moment when great causes can be won and great threats overcome. And we have chosen a man who will rise to the moment, as he has done before, with clarity and resolve.

In this campaign, I’ve had the rare enough privilege of praising a candidate whose story, character, and personal heroism require no embellishment. I said things about him—about how he has served and what he has overcome—that he could not say about himself, because he is that kind of man. He has faced long odds before, but he has never quit, never relented, and tonight America rewarded a lifetime of service, honor, and valor.

Ladies and gentlemen, I have the distinct privilege of being the first to introduce him as the President-elect of United States of America—John S. McCain.

Thank you so much. Are you not so proud to be an American?

What an honor. What an honor.

We stand today at the symbolic crossroads of our nation’s history. All around us are monuments to those who have sustained us in word or deed. There in the distance stands the monument to the father of our country. And behind me, the towering presence of the Great Emancipator who secured our union at the moment of its most perilous time and freed those whose captivity was our greatest shame. And over these grounds where we are so honored to stand today, we feel the spirit of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., who on this very day, two score and seven years ago, gave voice to a dream that would challenge us to honor the sacred charters of our liberty – that all men are created equal.

Now, in honoring these giants, who were linked by a solid rock foundation of faith in the one true God of justice, we must not forget the ordinary men and women on whose shoulders they stood. The ordinary called for extraordinary bravery. I am speaking, of course, of America’s finest – our men and women in uniform, a force for good in this country, and that is nothing to apologize for.

Abraham Lincoln once spoke of the “The mystic chords of memory, stretching from every battle-field, and patriot grave, to every living heart and hearthstone, all over this broad land.” For over 200 years, those mystic chords have bound us in gratitude to those who are willingly to sacrifice, to restrain evil, to protect God-given liberty, to sacrifice all in defense of our country.

They fought for its freedom at Bunker Hill, they fought for its survival at Gettysburg, and for the ideals on which it stands – liberty and justice for all – on a thousand battlefields far from home.

It is so humbling to get to be here with you today, patriots – you who are motivated and engaged and concerned, knowing to never retreat. I must assume that you too know that we must not fundamentally transform America as some would want. We must restore America and restore her honor!

Now, I’ve been asked to speak today, not as a politician. No, as something more – something much more. I’ve been asked to speak as the mother of a soldier, and I am proud of that distinction. You know, say what you want to say about me, but I raised a combat vet, and you can’t take that away from me. I’m proud of that distinction, but it is not one that I had imagined because no woman gives birth thinking that she will hand over her child to her country, but that’s what mothers have done from ancient days.

In cities and towns across our country, you’ll find monuments to brave Americans wearing the uniforms of wars from long ago, and look down at their inscriptions, you’ll see that they were so often dedicated by mothers. In distant lands across the globe, you’ll find silent fields of white markers with the names of Americans who never came home, but who showed their dedication to their country by where they died.

We honor those who served something greater than self and made the ultimate sacrifice, as well as those who served and did come home forever changed by the battlefield. Though this rally is about “restoring honor,” for these men and women honor was never lost! If you look for the virtues that have sustained our country, you will find them in those who wear the uniform, who take the oath, who pay the price for our freedom.

And I’d like to tell you three stories of such Americans – three patriots – who stand with us today.

The first is a man named Marcus Luttrell. His story is one of raw courage in the face of overwhelming odds. It’s also a story of America’s enduring quest for justice. Remember, we went to Afghanistan seeking justice for those who were killed without mercy by evil men on September 11th. And one fateful day in Afghanistan on a mountain ridge, Marcus and three of his fellow Navy SEALs confronted the issue of justice and mercy in a decision that would forever change their lives.

They were on a mission to hunt down a high-level Taliban leader, but they were faced with a terrible dilemma when some men herding goats stumbled upon their position, and they couldn’t tell if these men were friend or foe. So the question was what to do with them? Should they kill them or should they let them go and perhaps risk compromising their mission? They took a vote. They chose mercy over self-preservation. They set their prisoners free. The vote said it was the humane thing to do. It was the American thing to do. But it sealed their fate because within hours, over a hundred Taliban forces arrived on the scene. They battled the four Navy SEALs throughout the surrounding hills. A rescue helicopter came, but it was shot down. By the time the sun set on June 28, 2005, it was one of the bloodiest days for American forces in Afghanistan.

19 brave, honorable men were lost that day. Marcus was the sole survivor. Alone, stranded, badly wounded, he limped and crawled for miles along that mountain side. What happened next is a testament to the words: “Blessed are the merciful, for they shall be shown mercy.” Marcus and his team showed mercy in letting their prisoners free. And later he was shown mercy by Afghan villagers who honored an ancient custom of providing hospitality to any stranger who would ask for it. They took him in. They cared for him, efused to hand him over to the Taliban. They got him back safely to our forces.

Marcus’ story teaches us that even on the worst battlefield against the most brutal enemy, we adhere to our principles. This American love of justice and mercy is what makes us a force for good in this world. Marcus is a testament to that.

Please join me in honoring retired U.S. Navy SEAL Petty Officer Marcus Luttrell.

From the time he first heard men marching to a cadence call, Eddie Wright had one dream in life, and that was to be a United States Marine. And as a Marine serving in Iraq, his company was ambushed in Fallujah. He was knocked out when a rocket propelled grenade hit his Humvee. When he came to, he saw that both his hands were gone and his leg was badly wounded.

He couldn’t fire his weapon, he could barely move, and he was bleeding to death. But he had the strength of mind to lead the men under his command, and that is exactly what he did. He kept them calm, he showed them how to stop the bleeding in his leg, he told them where to return fire, he had them call for support, and he got them out of there alive.

His composure under fire that day earned him the Bronze Star with Valor device. But if you ask him, “What did you get it for?”, he’ll tell you, “Just for doing my job.”

After a long recovery, Eddie continued to serve as a martial arts instructor. He resigned from his beloved Marine Corps a few years ago, but he still lives by the motto: “Once a Marine, always a Marine.”

And if you want to see the American spirit of never retreating, no matter the odds – of steady confidence and optimism, no matter the setbacks – look at Eddie’s story. No matter how tough times are, Americans always pull through. As Eddie put it himself: “We don’t really foster the attitude of I can’t. When you have an obstacle in front of you, you just keep putting one foot in front of the other, and focus on what you can.”

So, please join me in honoring retired Marine Sergeant James “Eddie” Wright.

Tom Kirk was an Air Force squadron commander and a combat pilot who had flown over 150 missions in Korea and Vietnam. One day on a routine mission over Hanoi, his plane was shot down. He spent the next five and a half years in that living hell known as the Hanoi Hilton.

Like his fellow prisoners, Tom endured the beatings, the torture, the hunger, the years of isolation. He described it, saying, “There was nothing to do, nothing to read, nothing to write. You had to just sit there in absolute boredom, loneliness, frustration, and fear. You had to live one day at a time, because you had no idea how long you were going to be there.”

After two years of solitary confinement, pacing back and forth in his cell — three and a half steps across, three and a half steps deep – Tom was finally moved to a larger holding cell with 45 other Americans prisoners, among them was a man named John McCain. In circumstances that defy description, this band of brothers kept each other alive, and one by one, they came home.

Tom was released on March 14, 1973. You might think that a man who had suffered so much for his country would be bitter and broken by it. But Tom’s heart was only filled with love – love for America – that special love of country that we call patriotism.

Tom wrote, “Patriotism has become, for many, a ‘corny’ thing. For me, it is more important now than at any time in my life. How wonderful it is to be an American come home!”

Friends, please join me in honoring retired Air Force Colonel Tom Kirk.

My fellow Americans, each one of these men here today faced terrible sufferings, overwhelming set-backs, and impossible odds.

And they endured! And their stories are America’s story.

We will always come through. We will never give up, and we shall endure because we live by that moral strength that we call grace. Because though we’ve often skirted a precipice, a providential hand has always guided us to a better future.

And I know that many of us today, we are worried about what we face. Sometimes our challenges, they just seem insurmountable.

But, here, together, at the crossroads of our history, may this day be the change point!

Look around you. You’re not alone. You are Americans!

You have the same steel spine and the moral courage of Washington and Lincoln and Martin Luther King. It is in you. It will sustain you as it sustained them.

So with pride in the red, white, and blue; with gratitude to our men and women in uniform; let’s stand together! Let’s stand with honor! Let’s restore America!

God bless you! And God bless America!

I find that @Reuters is a far more professional operation than @AP.
.ccolvinj @AP is one of the truly bad reporters---working for an organization that has totally lost its way. Stories are fictional garbage.
"@iliveamongyou: URGENT @GOPin an effort to destroy their own front runner. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/HWABcAeu8z"  I HIT BACK!
"@2timeslucky: @steph93065 @FoxNews Kimberly G. hosted Greta last nights&amp; told the TRUTH about Trump! https://t.co/wwmKjAbIlR"
"@TomLydon: What Financial Pros Can Learn from Donald Trump's Communication Style https://t.co/D5fG5cY25U @DanSondhelm" Very nice, thanks!
"@boreed615: Donald Trump retakes lead in GOP race; Ted Cruz makes gains: poll: https://t.co/G8z5ek7emn # via AOL"
"@Ma1973sk: Great family. Great interview @realDonaldTrump ! https://t.co/IFcjTwd5ey"
"@marklevinshow: Well said https://t.co/Is4xshwUpg"
"@WayneDupreeShow: "Its clear that Donald Trump was NOT even talking about a Muslim Database!" https://t.co/3tLDZj2WGV"
"@FortuneMagazine: Do successful CEOs sleep less than everyone else? https://t.co/SBkP1QZKEh https://t.co/15ZgyzSr1J"
"@foxnation: Report: #DonaldTrump Heckler Convicted Of Attempting To Blow Up Marine Recruitment Center https://t.co/8p4yBnbEL5"
"@politico: Palin on 2016: "I think it would come down to Cruz and Trump!  https://t.co/jSNS5Yv7Pt | Getty https://t.co/y5wN0AhK0E"
"@GStephanopoulos: Ill talk to Donald Trump about his comments on Syrian refugees, and much more, Sunday on @ThisWeekABC."
"@THR: Trump's Wife, Children Open Up About GOP Candidate: "Theres No One Else Like Him" https://t.co/wOn9AwEyNk https://t.co/WXsq41nK17"
.@heytana, great job - we are all proud of you!
Thank you to all law enforcement agencies for a fabulous job!
#LEO #LESM #Trump2016 https://t.co/SuH1jfOQR4
Thank you for a great afternoon Birmingham, Alabama! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/FrOkqCzBoD
It's too bad so few people showed up to @bobvanderplaats Family Leader dinner. Next year I'll try &amp; be there- and they'll have a huge crowd!
Thank you John Nolte for 
wonderful analysis &amp; reporting.
Rumor has it - Pataki, Kasich, &amp; Senator Lindsey Graham are dropping out of the race very soon. Hope it's not true, they're so easy to beat!
So nice when media properly polices media. Thank you @BreitbartNews. 
https://t.co/IGUh57zOJz
A woman who got fired after two days of working with Scott Walker - a wacko - now trying to raise funds to fight me.
Heading to Birmingham, Alabama, and a massive crowd of incredible people! 12 noon - will be wild.
To show you how politicians act, Bobby Jindal spent $1,000 to register in New Hampshire &amp; dropped out the next day. Such a waste!
We're stuck with the worst mayor in the United States. Too bad, but New York City will survive!
People are really liking my new book, "Crippled America." Check it out!
"@tas0727: @realDonaldTrump Make America Great again vote Donald Trump"
"@jaazee1: @CNN anchor's shocked that DonaldTrump's  comments resonate with GOP base will go apoplectic that he does with democrats too.
"@STATinc2015:  @BarbaraJWalters @ABC @MELANIATRUMP @IvankaTrump saw the interview tonight. Thought it was great. Can't wait till November."
"@thetylerjames9: @realDonaldTrump cannot be bought! Therefore he cannot be silenced!"
"@RustyBlissUSA:  @realDonaldTrump we're ready to thwart the establishment attempts in the Buckeye State. #Trump2016 #TeamTrump"
"@TLCastle: @realDonaldTrump Do you plan on making any campaign stops in West Virginia?" YES, soon.
"@RenaSummersLtd: Watched @ABCNetwork special tonight! You have such amazing children. Lots to be proud of! Love your wife! Class Act!"
"@michaelglassner: A GREAT DAY in South Carolina for DonaldTrump &amp; #TeamTrump! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/Re655JmhqJ"
"@realkingrobbo:  @hotroddergirl You're the hero America needs! #Trump2016"  Thank you, I only want to make America great again!
"@BornToBeGOP: @realDonaldTrump Your family is a better watch than the Kardashians by a mile!" Cute!
"@hiddenspeed42: @AY4WEB  No pay or compensation to make our beautiful country again!! That's his promise to us!! We love u trump"
"@TCash78: @realDonaldTrump @VincentKunicki @kimguilfoyle @FoxNews he will make America great again
"@realkingrobbo: @realDonaldTrump @Greg39529063 @ABC2020 @ABC @BarbaraJWalters the best man for the job!" Thanks!
"@ClassySnobbb: @realDonaldTrump AMAZING interview. You and your family will be great role models for America!!!  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
"@Greg39529063:  @ABC2020 @ABC @BarbaraJWalters Watching now! Great! Always true to his word and the USA! A real leader! So nice to hear!!!"
"@hotroddergirl: @realDonaldTrump trump 20/20 shows just what hard work and good family can do. Blue collar with you."
"@VincentKunicki: @realDonaldTrump @kimguilfoyle @FoxNews Long live Donald Trump our next Ronald Reagan!!! God bless you we need you" Nice!
Join us at 10pmE on @ABC2020 @ABC with @BarbaraJWalters! #MeetTheTrumps #ABC2020 https://t.co/vMeLS00GnJ
#ICYMI: I joined #OnTheRecord with @kimguilfoyle on @FoxNews this evening. #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
https://t.co/FlJutjpR35
"@2timeslucky:  No one can take @realDonaldTrump down because it is the WILL of the people for him to win!
"@JamesPWilson1: @realDonaldTrump When you become president, we will avenge all of the innocents who isis killed"
"@mia_liner: @GSRPygmies  @realDonaldTrump Trump supporters are a very loyal breed! We see the truth, only Trump can fix this mess we are in
Looking forward to watching the legendary @BarbaraJWalters interview my family (and me) tonight on @ABC at 10:00. Many things to talk about!
"@smith_jere: @realDonaldTrump You are amazing Mr. Trump! Thank you!!!"  So nice.
Tune into the legendary @BarbaraJWalters at 10pmE on
@ABC2020 tonight. #MeetTheTrumps for a full hour @ABC #ABC2020! https://t.co/exF5aUhrEW
.@washingtonpost  @BretBaier  Please thank Charles Lane for his new found confidence. He has made a very good bet!
"@The2ndguardsUS: @realDonaldTrump ROLL TIDE"
"@samsellars: @realDonaldTrump North Carolina. Come on down."  Will be there very soon!
"@meganweaver321: @realDonaldTrump Alabama loves you"  Great!
"@Unicurls: @realDonaldTrump I'll be in attendance. #YUGE #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #bamaforTrump"  Nice!
"@GeraldSoelz: Awesome news. Keep your focus on the issues. You just might get more blue collar Democrats to vote for you than Reagan."
.@Gracematters Thank you, a very wise bet! Best wishes.
Just got back from South Carolina. Going to Alabama tomorrow!
.@HillaryClinton is weak on illegal immigration &amp; totally incompetent as a manager and leader - no strength or stamina to be #POTUS!
The legendary @BarbaraJWalters interviews my family and me tonight at 10:00 on @ABC2020 . Don't miss it! https://t.co/JHTF7f9aTo
.@BilldeBlasio should focus on running #NYC &amp; all of the problems that he has caused with his ineptitude, &amp; not be so focused on me!
Can you believe the worst Mayor in the U.S., &amp; probably the worst Mayor in the history of #NYC, @BilldeBlasio, just called me a blow hard!
Thank you for a great afternoon, South Carolina! See you next Tuesday! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/kWWMlmy7gQ
I didn't suggest a database-a reporter did. We must defeat Islamic terrorism &amp; have surveillance, including a watch list, to protect America
Under our President, ISIS is gaining great strength- https://t.co/28VsmV8xng
My family has the honor of being interviewed for a full hour by the legendary @BarbaraJWalters tonight @ABC - 10pmE. https://t.co/cm4fv1Ye9L
.@mkhammer, a Fox contributor, isn't smart enough to know what is going on at the border. @TheJuanWilliams made the point far better!
Going to South Carolina now, great place, SRO crowd. Iowa was amazing yesterday!
The media must denigrate ISIS at all levels or youth will continue to be drawn to it. These are low level degenerates, NOT masterminds!
The media must immediately stop calling ISIS leaders "MASTERMINDS." Call them instead thugs and losers. Young people must not go into ISIS!
A wonderful afternoon in Iowa! Great people! Heading now to Florida - tomorrow, South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
A great evening in Iowa! Thank you Des Moines Area Community College for a great forum! #Trump2016 #IAForums https://t.co/092t2VrMEw
John Kasich was managing director of Lehman Brothers when it crashed, bringing down the world and ruining people's lives. A total failure!
Once John Kasich announced he was running for president, and opened his mouth, people realized he was a complete &amp; total dud!
John Kasich fell right into President Obamas trap on ObamaCare, and the people of Ohio are suffering for it. Shame!
Doesnt help Kasich to do negative ads on me because he still has to go through everyone else  - hes almost last.
John Kasich ad guy wanted to work for me, but his proposal was a rip off  I said NO! Now ripping Kasich.
I loved beating John Kasich in the debates, but it was easyhe came in dead last!
Kasich has already spent $6 million on ads in New Hampshire and his numbers have gone down. People from NH are smart!
Watch Kasich squirm --- if he is not truthful in his negative ads I will sue him just for fun!
I want to do negative ads on John Kasich, but he is so irrelevant to the race that I dont want to waste my money.
John Kasich, despite being Governor of Ohio, is losing to me in the Ohio polls. Pathetic!
John Kasich should focus his special interest money on building up his failed image, not negative ads on me.
Governor Kasich, whose failed campaign &amp; debating skills have brought him way down in the polls, is going to spend $2.5 million against me.
The legendary Barbara Walters interviews Melania Trump and me on a special this Friday night at 10:00 on ABC. Don't miss it!
Thank you Worcester, Massachusetts!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/D6QinyBLW6 https://t.co/sZDJr3Tkd8
Just the beginning &amp; it is going to get worse. Rates &amp; deductibles are so high nobody is going to be able to use it. https://t.co/iwqLODke50
Has anybody read this story about Marco Rubio - devastating! 
https://t.co/xeAB74nndD
I told you! Premiums are soaring! #RepealObamacare #Trump2016 
https://t.co/Ey50582uND
Thank you (Chris) @TheFix. I have great respect for professionals that are willing to report so honestly &amp; fairly. https://t.co/hT9v8LEhSe
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/Zqd1RWW2C5
Thank you for your support! Together we can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! #Trump2016 https://t.co/qni36GI6fV
The POLICE in Paris did a fantastic job. Very brave - not easy!
A great review of my Aberdeen course by prestigious @GolfMonthly.  Some say greatest ever built. @TrumpScotland  https://t.co/zYcraTAwzs
Everyone is now saying how right I was with illegal immigration &amp; the wall. After Paris, theyre all on the bandwagon.
We need new leadership- fast! https://t.co/WCLMe1JKvx
I skipped a speech given years ago at Mar-a-Lago by dopey @GeorgeWill because hes BORINGhe never forgot!
Dopey @GeorgeWill, a big proponent of the Iraq War and other catastrophes, doesnt like me very much. That means I win!
Broken down political pundit @GeorgeWill, who is wrong almost all of the time, should be thrown off @FoxNews. Boring and totally biased!
Eight Syrians were just caught on the southern border trying to get into the U.S. ISIS maybe? I told you so. WE NEED A BIG &amp; BEAUTIFUL WALL!
Ben Carson is being severely criticized for being incapable of understanding foreign policy be one of his top consultants. Not good!
"@FoxNews New Hampshire Poll: @realDonaldTrump 'Rules GOP Race in New Hampshire.' Trump 27, Rubio 13, Cruz 11, Bush 9, Carson 9, &amp; Kasich 7"
Via Politico: "Trump Extends Lead in New Hampshire Poll" https://t.co/PaJOAi3rGa
Very nice article from Daily Mail  https://t.co/SIxmYzPXv1
Great New Poll  https://t.co/178k1ERFqT
How does Ben Carson survive this problem  really big. Similar story on front page of New York Times.
  https://t.co/y9fqUUYRnD
"@KatrinaPierson: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/Aja00L81uf"  Katrina, great job on @FoxNews last night!
Thank you for all of your support! Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! #Trump2016 https://t.co/G7o6b0cfZz
The great Barbara Walters interviews Melania Trump and me on a Special Friday night at 10:00 on ABC. https://t.co/28q3QgfIbM
"@Ashevillelaura: @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @FoxNews Obama has no credibility on terrorist threats &amp; ISIS. Trump best to protect us"
I will be interviewed by  @seanhannity tonight at 10:00 on @FoxNews . Much, much, much to talk about!
Melania and I just had interview with the legendary @BarbaraJWalters. Watch #abc2020 this Friday. Tonight we talk ISIS @WNTonight
.@AP is doing very badly. I can say from experience their reporting is terrible &amp; highly inaccurate. Sadly, they are now irrelevant!
One of the saddest things in journalism is what happened to the formerly great @AP. They have lost their way and are no longer credible.
What is our President doing? https://t.co/8p0A80kaaX
"GOP Voters Trust Donald Trump to Keep Our Country Safe" https://t.co/TWslpJPQG0
Refugees from Syria are now pouring into our great country. Who knows who they are - some could be ISIS. Is our president insane?
I, along with almost everyone else, have so little confidence in President Obama. He has a horrible attitude-a man who is resigned to defeat
So many great polls like Reuters - big leads everywhere. New Hampshire really special! We will win big and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Tennessee! #Trump2016 https://t.co/RNZ3hvbVvM
Just received a copy of @SarahPalinUSA new book -- a great read! Sarah is a terrific person.
Great poll numbers out of @UMassAmherst. Thank you! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
https://t.co/ePlQRgjMYw
Just leaving Knoxville, TN --- what a crowd, what amazing people! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/5qr5deOlEl
Just landing in Knoxville, Tennessee! Massive crowd expected! Will all have a great time, despite serious subject matter.
I agree! The headline says it all. #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
https://t.co/TWslpJPQG0
Discussing #SyrianRefugees with @EricBolling on @FoxNews back on 10/3/2015. #ISIS https://t.co/rUX57o2BzM
Will be landing in Knoxville, Tennessee shortly - tremendous crowd expected. It's all very simple, we want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Republicans must stop listening to dopes like @KarlRove who still insists Mitt Romney won the last election. Think big &amp; think strong!
Wow, @Macys shares are down more than 40% this year. I never knew my ties &amp; shirts not being sold there would have such a big impact!
Interesting article from highly respected Wayne Allyn Root https://t.co/1esS0QV46V
Remember, I was the one who said attack the oil (ISIS source of wealth) a long time ago. Everyone scoffed, now they're attacking the oil.
"@SarahPalinUSA: From St. Patrick's Cathedral, NYC: blessings, prayers and heartfelt concern for those in Paris.
"@StreetR77:  @JohnLegere @TMobile didn't know he was CEO of tmobile, I have T-Mobile, it's pathetic, dropped calls, no service."
Tom Brady just did it again. He is not only a great guy, he is, without question, the BEST quarterback!
President Obama just told President Putin how important the Russian air strikes against ISIS have been. I TOLD YOU SO!
.@JohnLegere  @TMobile  John, focus on running your company, I think the service is terrible! Try hiring some good managers.
"@peg4cats: @TerryLambert201 @realDonaldTrump you are so right. I only trust Trump to be tough on immigration"
"@760_831: @DanSaltsman @realDonaldTrump @MichaelCohen212 @IvankaTrump  I have faith he will win and save America"
"@760_831: @DanSaltsman @realDonaldTrump @MichaelCohen212 @IvankaTrump i have faith he will win and save America"
"@Parker_Votes: We finally have a voice with  Lets do our part &amp; VOTE IN THE R PRIMARY, 4 #Trump2016 #TrumpArmy https://t.co/fIl3hXOERS"
"@syoka68: Reading the comments of the leftists on here makes me nauseated. We SO NEED YOU, MR. TRUMP! Make America Great Again"
"@davenorthYV: Does anybody ever realize that HillaryClinton doesn't make eye contact with anyone, even the camera. That's a sign of lying"
"@RealReagan0503: If you missed it, here is the most popular link among people I follow https://t.co/lOppBvYMRy by @realDonaldTrump"
"@Hturne:  @VanityFair  You're spot on! He tries 2b an intellectual elitist.The truth: he has a low IQ, no imagination, no creativity"
Glad to see that @RondaRousey lost her championship fight last night. Was soundly beaten - not a nice person!
I have watched sloppy Graydon Carter fail and close Spy Magazine and now am watching him fail at @VanityFair Magazine. He is a total loser!
.@VanityFair Magazine is doing really poorly. It has gotten worse and worse over the years, and has lost almost all of it's former allure!
"@USATrumpDiva: Donald Trump surges in poll among likely Republican voters https://t.co/uZ5nZUuqKq"
"@mholsbunes: Donald Trump says tough gun control laws in Paris contributed to tragedy: https://t.co/ifVJmLw2Sx Presidential candidate??"
"@thewatcher23579: One of Paris terrorist came as Syrian refugee. Donald Trump is right again. BOMB THEIR OIL - TAKE AWAY THEIR FUNDING"
We need strong, tough and brilliant leadership now more than ever!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I had a great time in Texas yesterday. A tremendous crowd of wonderful and enthusiastic people. Will be back soon!
.@realDonaldTrump on ISIS&amp;OIL FIELDS! Saying it for years! @AndersonCooper, you should acknowledge this! #Trump2016 https://t.co/ocoB9WlP7R
When will President Obama issue the words RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM? He  can't say it, and unless he will,  the problem will not be solved!
"@mnrosrnr: @realDonaldTrump the best book I've read in years, Trump is right on every issue and has the best ideas, a true economic genius"
"@TejadaDennes: @realDonaldTrump Crippled America is an incredible book! People need to read truth. #HispanicsForTrump #DemocratsForTrump"
"@tasteofaz: Poll: Trump Surges to 42% Nationally; Bad News for Marco Rubio https://t.co/9IrLrlpjfM @realdonaldtrump"  Great news!
I think everyone will like my new and very successful book, Crippled America. Go get it and let me know what you think!
Wow, Bernie Sanders just admitted that the real unemployment rate is 10% (it is actually over 20%) and for  African American youth - 51%.
Hillary and Sanders are not doing well, but what is the failed former Mayor of Baltimore doing on that stage? O'Malley is a clown.
Why won't President Obama use the term Islamic Terrorism? Isn't it now, after all of this time and so much death, about time!
"@Oliviaand24: @realDonaldTrump TrumpOn America needs you in office Now! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016"
"@redletter99: @realDonaldTrump I absolutely love this, can't wait till u debate Clinton"
"@TomRichey: Enough of these party debates. What I wanna see is a @SenSanders vs @realDonaldTrump one on one debate!" That would be easy!
"@jaslohr_: @realDonaldTrump are you watching this circus?!? #DemDebate what a joke! #Trump2016"
"@jcooper75: #DemDebate this debate stinks. CBS News, major fail. @realDonaldTrump"
Great news out of New Hampshire! DonaldTrump is pulling away from the pack w/ 2nd is 17% behind him! #Trump2016 https://t.co/hASWradHMe"
"@MikeOG_: @realDonaldTrump was right! close the borders! #Trump2016"
"@Gman0623: @realDonaldTrump @HaloOneForTrump @FoxNews @CNN @GOP I love you Trump! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"@shawnlivinlife: I still haven't heard the WH say the words islamic terrorist. Call it what it is. #Trump2016 can't happen fast enough.
"@HaloOneForTrump: @realDonaldTrump has what MONEY CAN'T BUY: VISION &amp; LOYAL &amp; MOTIVATED SUPPORT! #veterans #military  @foxnews @cnn @GOP"
"@jrpantiques: @realDonaldTrump @ABCinSC @KatrinaPierson THE WORLD IS PLAYING EVERYTHING RIGHT FOR TRUMP! EVERY DAY HIS POINTS ARE PROVEN"
"@dlt912: @realDonaldTrump you definitely have my vote!"
"@ABCinSC: @realDonaldTrump - a tough man for a tough job in tough times. Gloves off, game on! https://t.co/l2ea1ZJ5Ps"
"@Mario_Posillico: @realDonaldTrump you need to win for not just America, but for humanity."
We need much tougher, much smarter leadership - and we need it NOW!
President Obama said "ISIL continues to shrink" in an interview just hours before the horrible attack in Paris. He is just so bad! CHANGE.
My prayers are with the victims and hostages in the horrible Paris attacks. May God be with you all.
Boy is this guy @ShepNewsTeam tough on me. So totally biased. As a reporter, he should be ashamed of himself! #Trump2016
They laughed at me when I said to bomb the ISIS controlled oil fields. Now they are not laughing and doing what I said. #Trump2016
Thank you @JakeTapper for giving me credit for my vision on bombing the oil fields. Should have been done long ago. #Trump2016
Great honor to be inducted into the NJ Boxing Hall of Fame last night. Thank you! Timing could not have been better! https://t.co/IU6peXoVL2
.@seanhannity  Carly, whose campaign is dead, is making false statements about me in order to salvage hope! Sad.
.@CarlyFiorina had to inject herself into my factual statements concerning Ben Carson in order to breathe life into her failing campaign!
.@CarlyFiorina I only said I was on @60Minutes four weeks ago with Putinnever said I was in Green Room. Separate piecesgreat ratings!
.@CarlyFiorina  Ben Carson said in his own book that he has a pathological temper &amp; pathological disease. I didnt say it, he did. Apology?
.@CarlyFiorina CarlyI did graduate from Wharton and did very well. Who is your fact checker? Will you apologize?
.@CarlyFiorina Carly, not just you, I also told Gov. Kasich to let Jeb talk, give him a chance because Kasich was constantly cutting in.
"@DRUDGE_REPORT: REUTERS 5-DAY ROLLING POLL: TRUMP 34%, CARSON 19.6%, RUBIO 9.7%, CRUZ 7.7%..." Thank you - a great honor!
Happy Friday the 13th https://t.co/Br6AUzgGoi
Thank you Iowa! I appreciate all of your support @IowaCentral &amp; @ethanolbyPOET this evening! #Trump2016 #IACaucus https://t.co/mJzLcXjtpf
First candidate in Virginia with over 16,000 validated signatures for the ballot. An honor - thank you! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I will be on @OutFrontCNN with @ErinBurnett at 7PM. Tune in!
#Trump2016
I will be on with @BretBaier tonight at 6PM. #Trump2016
Macys was very disloyal to me bc of my strong stance on illegal immigration. Their stock has crashed! #BoycottMacys https://t.co/WsvZtwZbBf
